[BULK UPDATE] DocuTune - Fix build validation issues: docs-link-absolute (#211)
OfficeDev/office-scripts-docs-reference: README.md

# Office Scripts API Reference

> Welcome to the Office Scripts API reference documentation repository. For the best experience, we recommend you review the [Office Scripts API reference overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/office-scripts/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the Office Scripts API reference documentation repository. For the best experience, we recommend you view this content on [Microsoft Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/javascript/api/office-scripts/overview).
```
